Fix error in RealmAny.equals when comparing similarly typed object (#1523)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* `Realm.getNumberOfActiveVersions` now returns the actual number of active versions. (Core issue [#6960](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/6960))

> * Fix error in `RealmAny.equals` that would sometime return true when comparing RealmAnys wrapping same type but different values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix error in `RealmAny.equals` that would sometimes return `true` when comparing RealmAnys wrapping same type but different values. (Issue [#1523](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/1523))
```
